CMS: Add new hosting in Docker documentation (#7078)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 15/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/setup/server-setup/README.md

## [Runtime modes](runtime-modes.md)

The runtime mode setting optimizes Umbraco for the best development experience or optimal production environment.

## [Running Umbraco in Docker](running-umbraco-in-docker.md)

> Overview of consideration when running Umbraco in Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overview of topics to consider when running Umbraco in Docker.
```
